but it's actually not the business end
I'm keen on today I want to get that
rattle but I don't know whether it goes
side to side or round and round or how
fast it's shaking it and really where
that sound comes from there's a good job
for the high-speed camera let's go have
a look
so today we've got a western diamondback
how dangerous we're talking good lord
that is a big snake that's quite
extraordinary it's such a long rattle
and particularly rough scales and this
is this because it's a very arid
environment yeah they're called keeled
scales so just helps them move through
so dusty sandy nice it's pretty - I've
just showed him some of the heat from my
hand so he's picked those up with his
heat sensing pits at the front it's not
as as defensive as everyone think so the
animal doesn't need to be stressed out
it's just like you know that he's around
so what we're doing today we're
stressing out no no no cuz I just got to
calibrate which takes a second
oh let's see how it
[Music]
it's nothing like a look like
yeah I mean I was still expecting round
around or side to side it's a real wave
pattern isn't it
and actually it's almost the opposite
wave to the movement of the snake if
nothing man up and up and down
other than the sideways yeah
[Music]
so this stuff's made out of keratin this
is a rattle six rattle that's the same
kind of stuff that's in your fingernails
actually so if you pass your fingernails
together you might just make a little
noise a bit like this if you ever look
you can see all the segments are sort of
bunched up every time I sneak molt's it
leaves one of these little buttons
behind this little segment move around
and bump against each other and make
that noise
it's really see it's got that a whip
going you can see all these segments
going yeah and you can actually see bits
coming off it I mean that's the force
going through those brittle Bob's at the
end of the rat
you